On one hand , we do not want this potential danger having frightening effects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we have certain diseases , their attitude will easily change , whether caring for us too much or keeping away from us .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another even if the families have a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
Does one who suffers from this disease keep it a secret or inform their relatives ?
In retrospect , its is also one 's duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks on their own .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on personal morality and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Large numbers of patients with genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry certain diseases .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her future spouse would help the relationship .
First , for the case of marriage , a person should be honest and tell his/her spouse they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offspring .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk to have diabetes .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with diabetes in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we can see that the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carrier 's relatives outweighs the costs .
Genetic disorder may or may not be inherited a hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
Firstly , someone having any kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
If a law requires someone to tell others his or her privacy especially when one is not willing to do so .
it is against his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
If you say he needs to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of the law .
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease ?
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make it harder to digest the fat and salt in blood .
they can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
Therefore , some carriers will prefer to keep it as a secret .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Nevertheless , it depends on what kind of genetic diseases , are present in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is discovered in the early stages .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
Early pre-examination is preferable as it will cast away unwanted doubts but will affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore the act of informing others without the consent from their parents or the patients themselves could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put into the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members .
Some families may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on receiving the knowledge of such a genetic disorder running in their family .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevent the genetic disorder .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal health .
A person with a disorder , regardless of whether it is a mental or physical disorder , , is happy to be cared for by his or her family .
Genetic disorder inheritance is from generation to generation , but not all of the offspring shows the relevant symptoms .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
The underlying reason is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encouraged the people to have more children .
He had to choose to protect his family and make his family more prosperous despite a potential genetic risk .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the provider in the family .
In conclusion people should think carefully about what the consequences are of telling the relatives about his or her generic disorder issue .
It is hard for an individual to deal with the issue on his or her own .
Other than that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious . The carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to society .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lot of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be a burden in her family .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
However , we will never know whether these negative effects will happen when the carrier decides to tell his or her family of his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
However , I believe that the carrier has a right not to be obligated to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out to be something that the carrier could not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
After discovering he or she is a carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family because of this and create more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it is entirely up to the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he still has no obligation to tell .
On the other hand , without knowing of any genetic disorder and having to accept the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome any difficulty .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as it is , without having emotional stress .
Debates have been around for years : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives ?
This is an that needs to be addressed a family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
We were crying hard but we were not alone . It is our family and relatives that bring us up .
Hence , they should be the people to be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy with .
By doing so , one will feel less stressed in facing such risk of disorder .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is in such a position and contemplating whether to inform relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk of a disorder .
However , it leads to a new problem : " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , there is still a diversity of points of view among people .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers is not to want to tell their family to continue their own life without anxiety .
The demon is not easily defeated and much energy is required and psychological support .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic disease is so serious that it can not be described .
Without their concern and support , it is hard to stay alive for for a long time .
It is the ethic of hospital staff to keep the secret of any patients .
However , hospitals can provide a councilor to advise the carrier about the action that can be taken .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to be defined .
A carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of his family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate behaviour , great circumstances for the carrier and families will be created in the future . .
First of all , from the angle of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
They may not want this truth to influence their life and want to keep it as a secret and not let others know about it .
Secondly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
If they do not want to think too much about it and view it as a problem , they may just ignore the possibility .
This forces them to accept the truth which may make the rest of their life miserable .
For a carrier of genetic disorder , knowing the fact that he or she is a carrier causes more dilemma than getting the disorder .
There are four reasons why people should not be scared and should share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
The more people ( relatives ) that her problem , the bigger the information channel provided .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood clotting .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give a mental boost to their children with genetic disorder .
In this modern world , technologies have improved a lot compared to the last century .
The medical authorities claim that only the individual who is at risk of a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this demonstrate their right ?
Although telling James about this is horrible , he should know what might to happen to him .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) started .
In my opinion , the patients , who are carriers of some known genetic risk are obliged to share the truth with their family members .
Without the support of loved ones , patients ' lives are no better than death .
A study of New York University in 2010 shows that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relatives about it .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives need to be be informed that their children have genetic risk .
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage : medication fees .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled such as medical subsidizes and building special schools to educate them .
Without increasing numbers of disabled people in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other areas like the military and education .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages occur in hospital every day .
Therefore I believe the parents have the right to know the health of their child .
Many people may support a theory that every person has the right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
If a person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relative .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
after he takes the test , he is obliged to tell his relatives ; everyone knows that he is a carrier .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family members may test positive . Whom does he need to tell .
In less than a week , half of the town knows person A has a risk gene , and his family might have a genetic risk .
Nowadays , people not only pursue the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just fate what will happen to both you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone a test and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared to fight the disease and even prevent the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a choice about whether to have a child or not .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
The earlier we tell them , the better for the rest of their lives .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to treat it in a positive way .
It is only after we tell them that they start paying attention to their health .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Genetic testing is conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genes , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So for the consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
Some gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
First , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and they can seek treatment in time if possible .
However , I think that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by law .
Firstly , the information concerning the genetic risk is something personal which is also private like people 's bank card key .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even break the relationship between children and parents .
Once his or her family or relatives know , the person may not have anymore contact with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appearing which would truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested merely in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and stronger .
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to genes with the development of the medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done the genetic test .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , so of course they own the same genes in some way .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
It is because they are not strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is finally revealed , it will be more shocking and upsetting. .
That plays an important role in helping relatives overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
and now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and bury myself with hundreds of seeds every day .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to make it known .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking via the phone since it is free .
We discuss every thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
And actually lots of rescue jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people who get lost and so on .
With more convenient and humane communications , the relationship between government and people has largely improved .
And even if we gather together , more people find they have less topics to talk about than before and choose to dig from their social media again .
Besides , there are more people sharing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experiences .
For myself , I long for some places after I see beautiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Social media makes our lifestyle so fast , which leaves us less time to think about our life .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its benefits ; but with all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
The recipient,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
In the past , many communications were done by one of many such as telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind in coordination .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entirely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skills .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
And at the same time , they should improve interpersonal skills , through dynamic practices betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
In the days without the social networks , people may not have had the chance to know others from different countries or those they never met before .
The number of people that they knew may have only been limited to the people they met in daily life like classmates and working partners .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
The largest negative impact is that , due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
They take too much time up using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meetings with people in their real lives .
It not only affects interpersonal skills but is also bad for people 's health if they spend to much time on social media .
, they provide people with a more convenient contact environment and improve the frequency of meeting with others .
The world is increasingly becoming flat with all kinds of social network websites such as facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away ate for lunch through these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , social media really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaply and more conveniently .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through the phone , we can know his of her latest news by scanning the webpage .
It means that one can not know another 's real thought and personality by reading things put on social network media .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health according to research .
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real life communication .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network sites now become a place to show off .
It is mentally unhealthy and it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than ever before .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
There is about 50 % of the world 's people who learn about breaking news from social media .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have been made easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediately to the people around them .
This caused panic among people who flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this resulted in temporary closure of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a relatively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security control on almost every social networking movement .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any meida/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with one 's friends without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationships or friendship can be maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
We can not be certain for sure about the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what their friends ' recent activity is. .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to make a normal call and message to contact .
Several arguments have been made regarding how social media actually has some inevitable disadvantages for people .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
Generally people need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
children nowadays do not know what neighbourhood games are and who is staying beside them ; all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
When people get used to using social media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and be lost eventually .
Firstly , they will lose the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in the face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the internet to contact other people and to read news .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends recent activity easily .
A guy who is going to travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
To conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but at the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it in the proper way .
It started invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travelled by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
From the examples that I have mentioned we can see that distance between us and our loved ones is getting greater .
Social media sites such as Facebook allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved one even though you are separated by distance .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there are also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration especially among youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page as their friends will post something new every second .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making a right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decreased .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face problems on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students as they always have an option to turn their back to real-life and go online .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not reflected as something positive to the users .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-termed and gone quickly adding no value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , the friendship on such virtual worlds is superficial which is not relevant to real-life .
Furthermore this also possibly triggers privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more prone to any possible frauds .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and in real time .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced our face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still be connected in a way .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that pulls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the tools to enhance them .
However , there are also some disadvantages that occur due to the social media which are of concern in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily lives .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in other sectors which benefits companies more and boosts their profit .
That is why facial expression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " . .
Based on a statistical report , writing skills are reduced the more time spent in the social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
Writing is an essential skill for a person to express their feelings and opinions .
However , there is news about social media sites which leak users ' information to companies for cash reimbursement .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our best to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our next generation .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
When our phones are accidentally broken , we can also use the social media to get in contact with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk in public can also actively take part in the group chat via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made it more convenient for people to update friends ' statuses and contact friends more frequently .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addiction and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Telephone may have been perceived as the biggest innovation created ever the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Let us consider examples from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , sharing medium , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Twitter has more simplified functions compared to Facebook , giving more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize beforehand .
Research shows that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we build a " false image " in public .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies is improving the lives of many people .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that these social media sites benefit communication between people while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for society .
People connecting through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also it takes only one or a few seconds for the message to arrive .
If by phone and letter is the only way to make contact , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
social media sites also bring some negative impacts for people and society .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought on by social media sites .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability of people to present their ideas well .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
However , social media sites also have a negative impact on humans
We spend the majority of our time on sites like Facebook and Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also has a bad effect on us in the long term .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their real life masks taken off .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Thanks to those social media , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
I do think there is a difference in it and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our feelings and may not be ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
This will lead to bad inter-personal skills as well as a problem of trust .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat others .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to others even from different countries .
However , they also bring many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is important in the work place .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives .
Personally I am studying overseas and a busy study life keeps me away from contact with my old friends .
Using a common social media site with my friends helps me know what their statuses are nowadays .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
People are able to share cultures and pretty photos online . Therefore , others can spread joy to others .
However , social media sites are like a double-edged sword . They also bring some negative effects on our daily lives .
One of the disadvantages that many people are concerned about is that people lose interest in face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use written to present themselves , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed to be very useful and convenient tools to bring people closer together in this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways in communicating with one another .
Online friends become real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
we are actively " presenting " fa รง ades of our lifes in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks and status that are funny .
There is an element of seeking attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
They are just scrolling down pages and pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them which they might think funny .
In real life , establishing friendships requires the all-rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to others .
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show their emotions by another by texting some = ) signs .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
The communication does not focus on how we feel but whatever is interesting , or the content .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with those who live far away from them in the past .
It could take a few days or weeks to receive messages .
And people on the other end will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer problems , which is convenient especially when instant chat is needed .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as shorter as they can .
While , once they were communicating with people to their face , expressing themselves appropriately is becoming a big problem .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
No pledge of authenticity protects people 's information and privacy shared on social media sites .
As the development of continues , social media is playing a more and more significant role in the world .
However , it also raises concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
What 's more , these days , social media plays an important role in spreading information .
It makes people worry because if all teenagers continue using social media frequently , their ability to talk to people will increase people .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter , through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media reduces the chance for people to communicate face to face .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get a reply very fast .
People can also get to know their friend 's state and mood by looking at their posts on line .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in society and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
They make people spend more time chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face such that interpersonal skills are badly affected .
Actually , I have seen that some people can be very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they are quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers need to develop their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
However , They can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in real life and affect negatively their interpersonal skills .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make them a fun way of having some excitement when life is boring
People can know about their friends ' recent looks and the interesting things that happen to them just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the communication in face to face settings which truly affects interpersonal skills .
By typing words and showing pictures , people can express emotions that they may be too shy to express in person .
People even prefer to talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Secondly , without real communication face to face , people lose the ability to see the truth .
Teenagers may believe these people and be cheated by them and lose money .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects . It is to contact others and easier to find out about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others by social media .
The long distance and time-consuming methods made spreading information very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not have kept in contact with faraway friends and relatives unless there was something important to communicate .
However , people now can contact anyone in any part of the world who can use a computer at any time , and there is no time delay .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages in using social media in daily life .
Secondly , a social media network opens the door of opportunity for people due to its great benefit in connecting .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things about many parts of the world .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
There is a story of a girl who lived in the social media world every night for eight years .
She talked to them every night , trusted them and shared her life with them .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
These are not only convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing business but also in damaging relationships and interpersonal skills .