On the one hand , we do not want this potential danger to have frightening effects on our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we have got a certain disease , their attitudes will easily be changed , whether it be caring about us too much or keeping away from us .
After all , what affects one family may or may not affect another , although families have a common genetic make-up , shared by either of the parents .
Does someone who suffers from this disease keep it a secret or inform their relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one 's duty to ensure that they undergo periodic health checks of their own .
Ultimately , one must draw attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at-risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral code and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Large numbers of patients with genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance of carrying a certain disease .
Therefore , to keep the information secret from his/her future spouse would help the relationship .
First , in the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell their spouse they may carry a certain genetic risk that might affect their offspring .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk of having diabetes .
Otherwise , if the other parties do not know , they may end up with diabetes in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we can see that the benefits of disclosing genetic risk to the carriers ' relatives outweigh the costs .
Genetic disorders may or may not be hereditary diseases and it is sometimes hard to find out whether one has these kinds of diseases .
Legally , the answer is no but , ethically , the answer should be yes .
Firstly , what kinds of diseases someone has is a matter or personal privacy .
If a law requires someone to tell others their private details , especially when they are not willing to do so .
It is againt their human rights and it is against the spirit of the law .
If you say they need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the law .
How can a law passed by the government exclude such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease ?
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make it harder for the carrier to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
They can adopt a daily habit of eating less salt and fat and thus avoid hypertension .
If they do so , fewer of their loved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
Therefore , some carriers will want to keep it a secret .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone , as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic disease , in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is detected in the early stage .
In conclusion , it would be considerate to inform relatives of the risk of getting the same genetic disease .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will remove unwanted doubts and affect the thinking of those who are affected .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of the genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients themselves could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put into the immediate family , as it could cause a chaos of unwanted events for the patient or the family members themselves .
Some family members may feel hurt with regards to their family pride or reputation on having the knowledge of a genetic disorder running in their family .
The importance of informing relatives of a genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention of the genetic disorder .
Thus , having the knowledge that the genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial to their emotional well-being .
A person with a disorder , whether it be a mental or physical disorder , is always by his or her family .
Genetic disorder , but not all of the offspring show the relevant symptoms .
As a result , the family line stops the moment the adult carrier announces his problem .
The reason behind this is that after WWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encouraged the people to have more children .
He had to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperous with a potential genetic risk .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclusion , people should think carefully about what the consequences are of telling the relatives about their genetic disorder .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on their own .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
I think that it is important to family members , especially if it is contagious . The carrier could prevent the disease from spreading to society .
Furthermore , as it could involve spending lots of money on the treatment , the carrier might not want to be a burden to their family .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily .
However , we will never know whether these negative effects will arise when the carrier decides to tell his or her family about his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally , I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform their family members about the issue .
However , I believe that the carrier has the right not to be obligated to tell anyone , but has a responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turns out to be something that the carrier can not accept , then it would have been better not to know the truth .
After he or she realizes that he or she is the carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family and cause more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier whether to share the hard facts and face it with relatives , but he has no obligation to tell .
On the other hand , without knowing about any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the disability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emotional stress .
Debates have been around for years , as to whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as a family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
We were crying hard but we were not alone . It 's our family that bring us up .
Hence , they are people we should be grateful for and the people we would like to share joy with .
By doing so , one will feel less stressed in facing such a health risk .
In conclusion , in order to avoid family-related ethical dilemmas , it is best for any carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
More support must be provided through different means to give better guidance when someone is deliberating whether they should inform their relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
However , it leads to a new problem that can be summarised as " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , there is still a diversity of points of view among people .
Frequently , the reason for the carriers not wanting to tell their families is to continue their own life without the anxiety of their families .
The demon is not easily defeated and it requires much energy and psychological support .
Besides that , the risk of the known disorder is so serious that it can not be described .
Without their concern and support , .
It is the ethic of staff in a hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
However , the hospital can provide a counsellor to advise the carrier about the action that can be taken .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to define .
The carrier is responsible for balancing his or her own interests and the benefits to the family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but by choosing the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and their family in the future .
First of all , from the point of view of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
They may not want this truth to influence their life or may want to keep it as a secret and not let others know about it .
Secondly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to undergo genetic testing , regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
This their own wishes as they have to accept the truth , which may make their subsequent life miserable .
For a carrier of a genetic disorder , knowing the fact that he or she is a carrier causes more dilemma than getting the disorder .
There are four reasons why people should n't be shy and should share their problems regarding a genetic disorder .
The more people ( relatives ) know about her problem , the more information channels are provided .
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Usually , people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood clots .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental encouragement to their children with a genetic disorder .
In this modern world , technology has improved a lot compared with the last century .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
Every family member has the right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk of a genetic disorder , ?
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what is likely to be going on with him .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Not long ago , the human genome project , sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) , was started .
In my opinion , the patients who are carriers of some known genetic risk should share the truth with their family members .
Without the support of loved ones , patients ' life is no better than death .
A study by New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses .
Hence , for a family in which every member truly believes in each other and loves each other ,all these problems are just tests to make them stronger .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person whether to tell the relatives about it .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
With the improvements in technology , a new life with a genetic risk can be detected .
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have a genetic risk .
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy burden called medication fees .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled such as through medical subsidies and building special schools to educate them .
Without an increasing number of disabled people in a nation , the government is able to concentrate on developing in other directions like the military and education .
Moreover , in the world we are living in today , many abortions are conducted in hospital every day .
Therefore , I believe the parents have the right to know about the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support the theory that all people have the right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay in hospital every day and with all the needles and endless pain ?
A person should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
If person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
There are possible negative consequences that people might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
He or she might even be adviced not to get married or have children .
After he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives , everyone will know that he is a carrier .
If a gene runs in the family , and one of the family members tests positive , whom does he need to tell .
In less than a week , half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically at risk family .
Nowadays , people not only pursue the comfort of their own lives but also the better development of future generations .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your own health and the health of your relatives , and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
Your relatives ' awareness of your genetic risk is good for your own health and the health of your relatives .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone genetic testing , it 's just what will happen to both you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone tests and found out that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even preventing getting the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible towards your future generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing genetic testing in the first place .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives if we really care about their health status .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less food containing sugar and .
The earlier we tell them , and it will be for the rest of their lives .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to do it in a positive way .
Only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass on the genes to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying a faulty gene , other members in his or her family may also have a risk of disease .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble and save a lot of time for proper treatment .
Sometimes , lives may even be saved if they are told early and undergo timely treatment .
So , for the sake of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic diseases being passed to the next generation if they intend to have babies .
Some genes will pass only to boys rather than girls ; some vice versa .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may be at risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family about the possible disease they may have and they can undergo treatment in time , if possible .
However , I think that genetic information is a person 's personal private information which should be protected by the law .
Firstly , the information concerning genes is something personal which is also a private matter like people 's PINs .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family or even break the relationship between children and the adults .

However happy they were before , there would be some barriers which will truly gradually destroy the family .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in terms of genetics ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
More and more illnesses have been discovered to be related to genes through the development of medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have undergone the genetic test .
But they are all from one family and have the same forefathers , so of course they have the same genes to some extent .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result .
It is just because you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , it will be more shocking and upsetting .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of society and their anxiety about the risks .
It could be very difficult for them , but necessary for the carriers and their family .
And now I have over 500 friends on Facebook .
Instead , we will post a and tag our friends to inform them of this kind of change .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking on the phone , since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also get more access to what we are doing and what we like .
And , actually , lots of rescue jobs are done with the help of social media , like looking for people who are lost and so on .
With more convenient and communications , the relationship between government and people is largely improved .
And even when we gather together , most people find they have fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to .
Besides , there are more people showing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experiences .
Personally , I long to visit some places after I see those beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Social media make our pace of life so fast and leave us less time to think about our life .
The burgeoning social media definitely has its , but , like all good things , it is better to have it in moderation .
The recipient will then receive the information almost immediately , depending on the quality of the network .
In the past , communication was done by one of many means , such as telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recipient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utilises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to .
Unlike social media , where most of the interaction is done by thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not practise the necessary skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entirely wrong to blame social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skills .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , utilising tests , and ranked .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
And at the same time , this improves interpersonal skills , through dynamic practices between individuals and realtime presence .
In the days before social networks , people did not have the chance to know others from different countries or people they had never met before .
The number of people that they knew was only limited to the people they met in daily life , like classmates and colleagues .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
The biggest negative impact is that , due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on the internet all the time .
They spend too much time on using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
It not only affects interpersonal skills but also is bad for people 's health if they spend too much time on social media .
It provides people with more convenient contact and improves the frequency of meeting with others .
The world is increasingly becoming flat as a result of all kinds of social network websites such as Facebook and Twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , social media really have a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends more cheaply and more conveniently .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends on the phone , we can know their latest news by scanning the webpage .
It means that one can not know another 's real thoughts and personality by reading things that they put on social media .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphones .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health , according to research .
Cyber communication is quite different to face-to-face communication , and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real-life communication .
With the desire of people to become the best among others , social network sites have now become a place to show off .
It is a mental illness and it may cause people , especially teenagers , to become materialistic .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than ever before .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
About 50 % of people learn about breaking news from social media .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media have benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediately to the people around them .
This caused panic among the people , who flooded the local police department with phone calls , and this resulted in temporarily closed schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information at a relatively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites , despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time for the letter to arrive .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as they may cover up their emotions while on social media .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the main platforms for social interaction .
With any media/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with one 's friends without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationships or friendships can be maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
Society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction .
We can not be certain of the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we receive through the Internet .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit a personal agenda .
The danger of such online socialising is the uncertainty of such communication due to the lack of physical interaction .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what their friends ' recent activity is .
Nevertheless , they can still use a phone to make normal calls and send messages to contact people .
Several arguments have been made regarding whether social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages for people .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or other device .
Generally , people need their eyes to look at the screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the relevant device .
Children nowadays do not know what neighbourhood games are and who is beside them ; all they know is clicking on icons on screens .
These are some concrete examples of how social media reduce face-to-face human contact .
When people get used to using social media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communication skills will be degraded and lost eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , let alone the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people face to face and will not be trained in conversation skills .
As a result , social media help them do their jobs but indirectly affect their interpersonal skills .
Social media do have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the Internet to contact other people and read the news .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends on their recent activity easily .
A man who is going travelling for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activities .
In conclusion , social media benefit people in several ways , but at the same time harm people .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
It started with the invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travelled by ship , and now , we can use an airplane to do so .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier , we can see that distances between us and our loved ones are getting further apart .
Social media sites such as Facebook have allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
The social media are beneficial as they connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by distance .
As I mentioned at the beginning , there are also disadvantages to social media tools .
One of them is that they reduce the level of concentration , especially among the young people .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their Facebook page , as their friends will post something new every second .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making the right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites , but in this case , striking a balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people feel more confident online , where they do not have to face real life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and , thus , prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students , as they always have the option to turn their back on real life and go online .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their sense of self in real life and may not know how to interact with people in real life .
Another problem with social media is that the benefits of investing such enormous amounts of time and energy is not reflected as something positive to the users .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-term , so they do not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial and is not so relevant to real life .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more vulnerable to any possible frauds .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are created with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
Parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and in real time .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
We may meet only once but we exchange contact numbers as well as facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
Within clicks , we can check on a friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still be connected in a way .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that makes us fall apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings , and social media sites are only tools to enhance it .
However , there are also some disadvantages due to the social media which are a cause for concern in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who are in Europe and New Zealand .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in other sectors , which benefits companies more and boosts the company 's profit .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " . That is the point of view in society .
According to statistical reports , the more time is spent on social media sites , the more writing skills will be reduced .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
Writing is an essential skill for a person to express their own feelings and opinions .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaking users ' information to companies for cash reimbursement .
To utilize the technology well , we should make an effort to not only balance the pros and cons , but also to lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and the next generation .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
When our phones are accidentally , we can also use the social media to get in contact with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk in public can also actively take part in group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends through such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to keep up to date with friends ' status and contact friends more frequently .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
People who are not good at face-to-face chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addiction and their studies and work may be greatly influenced .
The telephone may have been perceived as the biggest innovation created ever the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Let us take the example of Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , way of sharing , and other entertainment add-ons ( i.e .
Twitter , which has a more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as an information sharing medium .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not recognise beforehand .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we build a " false image " in public .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies greatly improves the lives of many people .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits for the communication between people , while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for society .
People connecting through the social media sites spend no money on communication , and it also takes only one or a few seconds for the message to arrive .
If phone and letter were the only way to contact them , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to making a connection between us and our old friends .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some negative impacts for individuals and society .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global interconnected world .
However , social media sites also have their negative impact on humans .
We spend the majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also has a bad impact on us in the long term .
Social media enable us to explore the world far far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and sacrificing a one-week holiday .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what is actually happening around them .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend on face-to-face communication .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Thanks to those social media , communication between people all over the world is possible and can be conducted with ease .
I do think there is a difference and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our true feelings and may not be ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
This will lead to bad interpersonal skills as well as problems of trust .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media , since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people fake their identities on social media sites so that they can know more people or some may even deceive others .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people for connecting to others even from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communication skills , which are important in their workplace .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
Personally , I study overseas , and my busy study life keeps me from contacting my old friends .
Using a common social media site with my friends helps me know what their statuses are nowadays .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
People are able to share culture or pretty photos online , and others can spread the joy with them .
However , a social media site is a double-edged sword . It also has some negative effects on our daily life .
One of the disadvantages that many people are concerned about is that people lose interest in face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
We should take the advantages of the things we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed to be a very useful and convenient tool to bring people closer in this globalised world .
The use of social media has greatly influenced our ways of communicating with one another .
Online friends have become real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
We are actively " presenting " fa รง ades of our lives to others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , statuses that are funny .
There is an element of seeking attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
They are just scrolling down pages of pictures and statuses and seeing one of them which they might think funny .
In real life , establishing a friendship requires the all-round understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face-to-face interaction , where we can show our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person only stalking his/her Facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show one 's emotions to another by texting some = ) signs .
If one of my friends has horrible taste in clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , but on whatever is interesting , or the content .
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
People used to write letters and send postcards to keep in touch with people living far away from them in the past .
It could take a few days or weeks for them to receive the messages .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer problems , which is convenient , especially when instant chat is needed .
Indeed , people go to great lengths to make their words as short as they can .
Therefore , when they are communicating with people face to face , expressing themselves appropriately becomes a really big problem .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore , like famous movie and TV stars , businessmen and entrepreneurs .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
The fact that there is no guarantee of authenticity risks people 's information that is shared on social media sites .
With the development of technology , social media play a more and more significant role in the whole world .
However , this also raises concerns about whether they bring us more benefits or a human disaster .
What 's more , these days , social media play an important role in spreading information .
It makes people worry because if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease their ability to talk to people .
You can see people using Facebook and Twitter through their smartphones or iPads on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chances for people to communicate face to face .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very quickly .
People can also get to know their friends ' status and mood by looking at their posts online .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situations and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media makes people 's life much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
They will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face , such that interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Actually , I have seen that some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they behave quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
However , it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life and negatively affect their interpersonal skills .
So we need to make the best use of these social media and make them a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
People can know their friends ' recent looks and interesting things happening to those people just by checking their Facebook or other social media sites .
However , the social media sites truly reduce face-to-face communication , which truly affects interpersonal skills .
By typing words and showing pictures , people can express emotions that they are too shy to express face-to-face .
People even prefer talking to their friends and meeting their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Secondly , without true communication in real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and lies .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheated and lose money , or even their safety .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others by social media .
The long distance and delay made sending messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people did not contact faraway friends and relatives unless there was something important .
However , people can now contact anyone all over the world who can use a computer at any time , and there is no time delay to messages .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
Secondly , a social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefit of connecting people .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication through face-to-face interaction .
There is a story of a girl who lived in the social media world every night for eight years .
She talked with them every night , trusted them and shared her life with them .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
It is not only convenient and beneficial for connecting people and developing business , but it also can damage people 's relationships and interpersonal skills .